# BondIntel-AI
Uses AI to Analyze Securities on Market on Excel

## Overview

BondIntel-AI is an interactive Python application for bond investors that leverages the power of OpenAI's GPT-3 model. The application allows users to input bond data and uses AI to generate insights and predictions about the bond. It also features an "Ask AI Expert" feature that uses GPT-3 to answer user queries about the bond in a conversation-like manner.

## Features

- Bond data input: Users can input bond data such as name, years to maturity, current price, coupon, and par value.
- Bond data analysis: The application uses OpenAI's GPT-3 model to generate AI insights on the input bond data.
- AI chat: Users can ask AI Expert questions about the bond and receive answers generated by GPT-3.
- Document generation: The application generates a Word document that contains the AI analysis and the Q&A with the AI expert.

## Installation

You can clone the repository and run the main.py file to start the application. Make sure to install the required dependencies from the `requirements.txt` file:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/vedant-varma/BondIntel-AI.git
cd BondIntel-AI
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py

Usage
Once the application is running, you can input bond data by clicking the "Submit" button. You can then click "Create Analysis" to generate the AI analysis, which will be saved in a Word document. You can also use the "Ask AI Expert" feature to ask questions about the bond. The questions and answers will be added to the Word document as well. *Make sure to CLOSE WORD DOC before submitting a new question to the AI*

Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change
